what happens when you've got an economy
that relies heavily on Deb the debt hits
record levels and people stop paying
their bills you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you in today's
video we are going to talk about a
scenario in which has started to happen
that is people are in the most debt
they've ever been before we'll talk
further about this I'll show you the
data and at the same time they have
stopped paying that debt off this brings
us to a crisis a crisis we've never seen
before you see the debt today when you
measure it on any metric it is
astronomical think about this credit
card debt record level student debt
record level when we see the amount that
people have on their mortgages personal
loans line of credit total all that
stuff up we have never seen this amount
before the national debt corporate debt
all of it excessive but on top of that
the interest associated with this debt
hasn't been this high in many many
decades so the burden not only is it
massive it's massive you know that
statue of the guy with the big you know
World up on his shoulders all right so
not only is it big big but it's a big
heavy ball and that's weighing people
down that's weighing corporations down
that is weighing of course the
governments
themselves this is an issue when we talk
about credit cards when this household
debt when we are seeing it now coming at
a time in which people believe for some
odd reason that they can get themselves
out of it by getting further into it
and why would they think that well it's
because they've learned from the
government itself what does the
government do they're in more debt
they've got problems they got to get out
of it well I think maybe we should print
some more money yes yes yes household
debt tops
$17.5 trillion and Americans are feeling
the strain can you believe that what
about looking at not just household debt
but breaking it down over a trillion
dollar just of credit card debt just in
credit card debt over a trillion dollars
student debt what is it 1.6 1.7
trillion just go further Auto debt but
it's not just about the amount that's
what I need to just stress this hey I
could I could go back and I could say
look 10 years ago the debt was lower
than it is today 20 years ago is lower
than it was 10 years ago and so on the
that just keeps getting bigger it's not
a concern well no you see there is an
issue here because when you add the
interest on top of it it is a bigger
burden than it's ever been before but
also at the same time in conjunction
with that it's not just the amount but
how many people are paying it back and
like yes the dollars amount might get
larger because devaluation the currency
but are we in a bigger problem than we
were before and the answer is yes this
means long term there is only one
solution and that is the government will
have to step in the government will have
to do something that may devalue the
currency beyond what you saw from 2020
to
2023 it will be something that will be
uh painful for
many you are seeing the this here is
just an article that I going to scroll
through people living in their vehicles
people living in their vehicles more
than ever before sharing what they're
doing all online living in their cars
living in their Vans living in their
their trucks talking about how they do
it uh I saw one not that long ago living
in a storage facility storage locker uh
big big unit I guess I mean for a
storage locker and uh they
cooking there showing off how how they
do it all um not optimal for many look
you can see the guy going to the store
here brushing his teeth utilizing the
facilities there okay uh doing door Dash
making a couple bucks here and there all
these videos talking about living in
their vehicle the ups and the downs and
the things you need to know and so on so
you'll see that this isn't uncommon how
many many times have you seen the tths
appearing all across your city or other
cities how many more do we have to see
before we realize it's not just a small
problem this is a widespread issue it's
not as if well it's become more trendy
RV life and Van life and all the
hashtags no no no there's a problem here
fundamentally that stuff is too
expensive and people are in these dire
straights
not because they want to be yeah there's
some people I'm sure that made terrible
financial decisions they spent way too
much maybe they don't have a support
network they have no friends they don't
have no families whatever it is maybe
they got themselves into trouble that
does happen but not everybody not
everybody town like cities are are
there's places in these cities that
there used to be a park that children
used to play in and now it's just a tent
city and not that long ago like
literally just a few years ago this is
going on
everywhere all over the place and so we
can see delinquency is
rising is it like ridiculously you know
off the charts 99% of people not paying
their bills no but the numbers have been
creeping up further and further
transition into serious delinquency this
is 90day Plus for credit cards look at
that that's not a good sign if you're
going delinquent on your credit card at
this time we are we at the worst it's
going to be or you know how how's this
going to unfold some would
say the worst is yet to come transition
into serious delinquency for auto loans
that has risen as well going back to the
levels of the financial crisis so here
we are for auto
loans this is delinquency for mortgages
very low so when it comes to residential
real estate the amount of delinquencies
are still super low all right now
they've started to rise but it's still
low um so obviously a person is going to
default on their credit card they're
going to default on everything that they
can before they're home I would assume
um and
so we'll see we'll see as the the next
months roll on okay uh what this means
is that the economy is very mixed bag we
can see that knowing that you got to
look at the depths start to see where
the cracks are appearing to address this
companies are in the circumstance where
the laying off the you know the five or
10% of the
non-performers and now we're going into
the next stage poll reveals which brands
Americans feel have the fairest prices
what are and I'll just show you that
quickly um you know you you get Sharpie
being one of them that are fair looking
at other things anchor Honda Toyota Dove
rubbermade which all ranked in the top
10 fairest Brands when it comes to Big
retailers consumers say that Costco has
the fairest prices you can agree with me
on or or them this is a poll that I
found in USA Today but you can agree you
can disagree let let me know i' be
interested but what do we have here well
I have seen them
overall in in every country seemingly
it's been the same issue companies are
shrink flating their products everywhere
and what about the services too that's
another one that's that's a shrink
inflation you don't see often oh yes I
just talked to a an
accountant I I saw the price on the
website the service I need
$200 200 in
change I called them uh yeah so yeah
okay good service okay that'll be good
okay sounds good sounds good so uh yeah
okay and the cost yeah I saw the I saw
the cost on your website oh the website
oh that's outdated yes it says that
price is subject to change there's fine
print on there it's
$400 Okay and like this is what's
happening you're getting the shrink
inflation you're getting service
inflation it's coming all over the place
whether it's for your Lucky Charms
or whether it's coming in the form of
some service that you need everything is
more expensive you you can't get by on
what you did before you have to shake
your Paradigm you've got to smash your
head up against the wall not literally
you know please don't um you got to
realize that we got to start getting
real smart with everything please get
wise to the information here start to
create something start to take what you
can your skills and monetize them do you
know how to bake do you know how to fix
computers do you know how to paint do
you know how to what what do you know
how to do what do you know how to do do
you know how to knit do you know how to
sew do you know how to fly an airplane
like what is the skill that you have
even if it's not you're not fantastic
you're not the you know the Michael
Jordan of
basketball what what do you have what
kind of skill well somebody else wants
to know that skill now start going
deeper on that do you want to learn how
to build an online business so you can
not only have Financial Freedom
potentially but have geographical
Freedom that's the best thing when you
could just get up and walk well I teach
people that geographical Freedom through
e-commerce businesses it's not just
e-commerce but online businesses and and
Beyond in in my Sunday live class okay
you can get that information at the
money gps.com
SLI I hope that I will see you on there
go to that website read the description
in there we have a small group of
fantastic people and it's 2 hours every
single Sunday going into the depths of
what you got to do people have already
started to build their business on there
I'm so excited to see them grow I hope
you'll be one of those I want to see you
there as always hit that thumbs up
button on the way out don't forget to do
that and I'll see you tomorrow take care